	•	Write 1-2 paragraphs about your StrengthsFinder themes: How have you seen yourself using these strengths at Turing? Has your understanding of these strengths changed since you first reflected on them? If so, how?
I am an analytical learner.  I enjoy learning things for the sake of learning. I need to be stimulated in my work and I will seek tasks and projects that fulfill this need, sometimes to the point that my performance suffers in other areas important to my position.
I am a logical person motivated primarily by my own curiosity. I like to get to the bottom of things and seek out factual evidence, often examining things from new, previously obscured perspectives.

I have leaned on my natural curiosity and eagerness to learn in order to stay motivated during some of the lows I’ve run into at Turing.  Some days, want to give my brain a break and watch mindless TV and movies.  But so far, there has always been a challenge in front of me to keep me looking forward.  Sometimes it is concept that I don’t understand or a coding feature that I can’t quite get to work.  I’m almost unable to give my mind a rest because I need to understand and solve problems to be content.

	•	Write a story about your Turing experience so far: When have you struggled? How have you dealt with struggle? When have you succeeded at Turing? How did you accomplish those successes?
When I started Turing, I had some experience in HTML and CSS as a hobbyist.  But I had always been frightened by Javascript and consequently never gained any experience. 
I will accept a position with a small/start-up company that values quality of life.  I will get in on the ground-floor and be part of the history of the organization.  I will have mentorship from within the organization that will allow me to grow as a developer and the rapid growth of the organization will continue to keep me challenged. In this position, I will use the skills I learned in both FE and BE Turing programs to become a big fish in a small pond.  I will be respected in my organization as the SME for all things software under  
